Partner1 Name  // P1: Camille Rasmussen
Partner2 Name  // P2: Jessie Delacenserie

Repository     // Repository: svn://lenny.eng.utah.edu/home/camiller/.cs3500_respository/PS7
Contribution   // My Contribution: about 50% 

Two to three paragraphs on the experience.  Consider: 1) How well the partnership worked.
2) Which techniques worked well, which did not.  3) What was the division of work on the
project

	I feel as if our partnership worked out very well for the most part. We didn't disagree on much yet were 
still able to come up with different ideas for solving problems. We were able to meet several times and work 
together. We used my computer for most of the coding because it's more reliable. We also decided to use my 
repository. The only time we needed to access the repository outside of my computer was when we wanted to look 
over the code at our own paces, so we just opened it on Jessie's laptop. This technique worked well, as did the 
technique of switching off typing the code and sharing ideas. We didn't switch off as often as we probably should 
have, but the division of work was still fairly even because the other partner was always helping look up 
information on another device or doing something else relevant to the project. 
	The only thing that didn't work well with this project was the lack of information either of us had on 
how to implement the StringSocket. Great partnerships come when each partner can help each other understand the 
project, but neither of us were clear on the specifications of this project. It made it really really difficult 
for us to move forward on several occasions.
	We worked together several days on the week and spent many hours trying to figure out the details of the 
requirements for the assignment, and eventually were able to gather some help online from our classmates and TA's.

A note on our project - when running all of the class's tests at once, a lot of them fail because they time out, 
however when we run all the tests one by one, we pass all but 6. We believe this is the result of the tester 
slowing down when trying to test all the tests in close succession, causing several timeouts on the tests.

I have a screenshot of us only failing 6 of the tests